AVERKORF DUNGEON
----------------
You are an adventurer, with your own unknown goals. One night, while celebrating the conclusion of a contract at the tavern, you ask the tavern tavern keeper to tell you any local news.
Between his blabbering, your attention gets caught at the mention of a dungeon holding immense treasure; an old man had apparently spent the last 10 years of his life, trying to find treasure in a dungeon.
You try asking for more information, but the only thing you can get is the name: The Dungeon of Dimius Averkorf.
The following day, you visit the city library to learn more about the dungeon:
Apparently, Dimius Lazarous Ivan Averkorf was a renowed royal wizard, centuries ago. His power, influence and political corruption left him with coffers full or gold, jewels and other treasure. It is said that he secured all of his wealth in his own personal dungeon within Kirstow Cliff, before he was inevitaby executed for his schemes.
Authorities attempted to seize the gold, but there was a trick to the dungeon: It shifted every single hour. It is said that only Averkorf himself knew how to prevent the dungeon from shifting, though he left no notes on how to do that. It is also said that the dungeon shifted itself as such that, without deactivating it, the treasure could only be found on the 100th unique room traversed.
Records also indicate that many an adventurer had attempted to secure that treasure for themselves but none came out with it. It is said that they either perished in their efforts, their corpses forever trapped in this dungeon, or gave up after a long time.
As the sun sets, you walk out of the library with a new goal set in your mind; if the treasure was still up for grabs, why can it not be yours? The next day, you set out to Kirstow Cliff, and see it with your own eyes: a stone engraving covered in moss and foliage that reads: Averkorf Dungeon. And some other warnings... blah, blah, treasure awaits.
The stairs that would have comprised the entrance are collapsed, forcing you to tie your rope on a strong tree branch to allow your safe descent. After some waiting, you see a magic barrier block the entrance, while you notice the sound of stone components grinding against one another; "that must be the shifting process" you think as the magic barrier deactivates.
Without a second wasted you descend into the dungeon using the rope, landing on the first of its many rooms. 
The goal is simple: Find the 100th room, obtain the treasure, get out.