Build - 0.2.4:
Improved the Player Class and inmplemented stats.
Player is now a global. Player is also an Object (always has been).
Changed interface to show Player stats.
Interface now shows a Room Picture.
Added Location and Non-Rooms classes to establish location types via inheritance.
Adjacent coordinates are generated in a more consistent manner.
Altered door generation conditions to be more organizable.
Door generation affects and is affected by location types that are not rooms for more consistent mapping.
Changed the text generation for each room to account for walls, ceilings, and floors.
Added more comments to explain functionality.
Interface will provide a special message if the player is trapped in a Room.
Established Crashes to detect if doors lead to incopatible locations.
VERTICAL NAVIGATION IS STILL DISABLED.
Changed some details on the introductory cutscenes 3 and 4.

Build - 0.2.3:
Creating a Player Class
Implementing selection Format into simple dungeon navigation.

Build - 0.2.2:
Implementing intro narrative slides on New Game

Build - 0.2.1:
Implementing menu in selection format. 

Build - 0.2.0: 
Experimenting with keyboard library; switching from command typing to prompt selection

Build - 0.1.7:
Working on ascii art to be displayed per print message.

Build - 0.1.6:
Beginning to implement txt files for all text dumps.
Decided to remain focused on command line gameplay.

Build - 0.1.5:
Implemented a Python Virtual Environment, in case I need to install libraries.
Experimenting with the a gui using ttkbootstrap.

Build - 0.1.4:
Separated code into multiple files. Classes will now have their own location, as will global variables.
Implemented a few fail states for the player to lose.

Build - 0.1.3:
Implemented some options, and flavor text for specific situations.
Changed Room generation: Now rooms will stored in a global dictionary, rather than having references to one another. (References do not update well)

Build - 0.1.2: 
Updated movement - instead of going in numerical directions, you choose north, east, south, west

Build - 0.1.1:
Implemented a main menu before starting up the game. 

Build - 0.1.0: 
Created main.py, containing the Room class. Room generates a door, leading to other rooms